yeah yeah my name is Bobby V Buster soon
nobody knows nobody fuck yah ah ah ah ah
my blind name that's what we're gonna go
Shelby chuka chuka planning
oh boy oh boy Jimmy fake armani push
pause gosh my TV come play don't pull a
long memory keys on the beach hey Cheryl
I not yucky man thongs and fuzzy
development which I may talk about the
dollar please man on centara and your
girlfriend's gonna lose to the funny
busy day but just to those at the shop
oh gosh that's the Volusia dog leash if
my uncle my papers on the dr hassan it
video before boy get us food BeeGees /
cheese develop develop for gas BG scoop
of a cheap up give it up give it up give
it up give it up give it up
Bovie hasta la vie Bobby's on the theme
full FLT firestone to put emulators you
lit up in your students so somebody like
you fool I knew if I kiddo been unified
one by exactly blah blah blah blah I'll
go see on Bill some girl Stephanie deals
look up your booty and I put are going
laughs my genre folks are inside they
put on the night Twilight even boomba
some feel fuzzy like everything you owe
me go sahil de méxico come on come back
or even come back la bouche for that
dish and down your monster back it up be
there will be down there I'm in from the
dock ish that'd be silly with the beach